what's up summoners and welcome back to
our League of Legends top I please make
sure to stance at the very end for more
information on the double giveaway we're
doing to celebrate the start of our new
partnership with Phoenix so without
further ado let's get into week 156 with
Pam oh boy 1 2 3 on the Blanc at the
start we see her catch the enemy thresh
with his pants down dropping him
insanely low after a nice play he
retreats back to his teammate as she
stays in range waiting for distortion to
come off cooldown having no immediate CC
she sticks right behind him grabs the
kill and now we watched closely she
pulls out some next-level mini dodges on
his queue grabbing the double kill let's
watch out one more time but this time in
slow mode we pay close attention to the
reactivation on distortion and her
ultimate to just barely dodge two queues
in a row granting her the double kill
moving along into our number 4 play we
turned the tables and now we're rooting
for Isle of Smarties on Yasuo as he
takes on two enemy champions at once
right at the start we see the friendly
ramus go down after a nice counter gank
by Lee sin and now Yasuo is left in a1
b2 as he backs off from Diana for now
all of a sudden he sees an opening and
dashes into his queue securing the kill
and then piecing out with another dash
with a tornado ready he moves in and
exchanges briefly with Lee sin before
using sweeping blade to continue kiting
by moving around with his e he not only
quickly stacks up flow but also slowly
pokes down Lee sin with his Q until the
tornado is back up and he can fight him
toe-to-toe after a lot of close calls in
a nice Juke on sonic wave he sees an
opening lines of his queue picking up
his second kill in this play Lee sin is
widely known to be one of the most
mobile champions in the game a give
Yasuo a creep wave and they'll put that
statement to rest until we get to our
number 2 play coming in at our number 3
spot we have oMG WTF 2012 on zilean with
an awesome save and escape right off the
bat we see the friendly malzahar get
jumped on a zillion makes it just in
time to alt him as he dies bringing Maus
back to life despite the buggy zhonya's
after speeding him out he makes his way
back to the fight as the friendly Asuma
gets chomped on but a great time warp
slows the enemy ASIMO tremendously then
he double used to reset the cooldown on
time warp to speed up his teammate and
get him out of the fight just as LeBlanc
arrives despite a beautiful slowdown on
Lee sin his teammates are recalling and
gragas
down so now he's outnumbered and decides
it's time to book it as the rest of this
plays on we see zillion utilize 40%
cooldown reduction time warp and rewind
to constantly speed himself up and to
get his ultimate back off cooldown
ladies and gentlemen feast your eyes on
CDR cap zillion scoring in editor second
place spot we have SG Vesper Annan Lee
sin at the start we see blue team down
around 5,000 gold after picking up Baron
and with any out of position they sweep
in and pick up the free kill having the
fresh Baron buffs they start pushing out
the lanes to go for the mid towers we
speed things up and I don't know where a
fight erupts in the middle of the lane
and Lee sin rushes over to help out
he safeguards in Andy Shaco as he makes
his way to the enemy ribbon to try and
grab the kill but unfortunately the
Shaka box fears him just in time forcing
him to back off he then land sonic wave
and goes in on a colleague dropping or
low as she flashes away and then comes
back in but he gets the kill anyways
using tempest to see her despite the
shroud left in a 1v2 he finishes off
Riven and then immediately starts
running away from the enemy Ezreal he
knows he has to get out his jute boots
in order to escape a Triforce blue buff
Ezreal so he queues to a minion and then
w's out to create some distance but
Ezreal stays right on his tail with
arcane shift he stalls for a moment
until his cue comes back up and then he
goes over the wall on some rates but
Azrael flashes over watch carefully now
as he reads Ezreal perfectly and
anticipate the mystic shot by waiting
for Ezreal to have a clear shot at him
and safeguarding to the ward to dodge it
the chase continues as he gets lower
lower but as he turns the corner he
lines up another Q completely juking out
the Ezreal one last time having no more
gap closers left Ezreal falls behind as
he escapes off into the enemy jungle and
for a number one Pro play for this week
we have necromancer on support thresh
saving his base one no one else can we
start things in the heat of battle as he
does whatever he possibly can to peel
the enemy shyvanna off of his ad carry
and despite an amazing effort the enemy
by altar under the tower
they kill and then barely escapes being
the last man standing for his team the
end musics gets antsy and dives him for
the ACE and guaranteed win but the
towers mow him down his necromancer gets
away as he heals up the enemy team
continues to push an L we seize left in
a1 b3 at this point in the game bane can
easily life seal through the damage so
he knows he has to fight them with the
help of his towers or he can't stop
their push he also knows that he can't
get caught out for any reason because if
he trades 1 for 1 he still loses the
game so he waits patiently for the best
opportunity to go all-in after the first
tower goes down he plays more aggressive
and runs in some range of shyvanna
sunfire cape making the tower switch to
her but it's not enough to get the kill
having nothing to lose he goes all-in on
Lyon as they switch their focus to him
but he somehow manages to escape with a
flash despite her ultimate but more
importantly this baits being close
enough to the fountain and he sees his
opening landing a miracle hook for the
kill on vain since Leona died at the
same time the creeps he wastes no time
and goes for shyvanna picking up the 1v3
triple while saving his Nexus by
remaining patient looking for openings
and most importantly not giving up he
does the impossible and wins this game
for his team
and for the bonus clip of the week we
have all-pro ninja 8 on a Mumma with a
huge BM play that helps pull his team
back into the game and eventually take
the win we see him walking around and
then all of a sudden nothing by
pretending to be afk healers in Corki as
we see his team coming down mid to
follow up as the rest of this clip lays
on I wanted to announce that we are now
sponsored by Phoenix and this means some
amazing things for our channel we'll be
doing two giveaways that will take place
in two random top fives every single
month so to kick-start the sponsorship
off this episode will be the first of
two giveaways for the month of February
and on top of that this episode will be
a double giveaway of both one of their
new sita's as well as the atour which is
their world renowned mechanical keyboard
we were given one of each to try out
beforehand and I have only good things
to say about both so I'm really excited
to be giving these Phoenix products away
all you have to do to enter for a chance
to win is drop a comment down below with
your favorite play from this episode and
like their Facebook page which you can
find in the description box down below
I'd highly recommend taking the time now
to enter yourself in this giveaway and I
wish everyone the best of luck remember
if you don't win this time we'll be
giving two items away per month so don't
worry you have plenty more chances to
win thanks everyone for watching good
luck to those who enter the giveaway and
I'll see you back here later this week
for the next episode of our league of
Legends top I please